Today's show is sponsored by
Datadog a cloud scale monitoring
platform built by engineers for
engineers. Get end to end
visibility into the health and
performance of your infrastructure and
applications. Use their log patterns
to view and investigate unusual
trends in logs and explore
this service map. To understand
the hidden relationships between your
services. You can start a
free 14 day trial of
Datadog and get a free
tee shirt to learn more.
Go to bitly.com/data dog shirt.
That's bitly.com/data dog shirt. .
This is Scott Hanselman, this
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
talking with Sarah Cooper. She's the
bestselling author of the cow
to be successful without hurting
men's feelings, nonthreatening leadership strategies
for women. And she is
the author of the Cooper
review, the most important internet
website in the world@thecooperreview.com. That
is a fact statement of
fact. That is correct. And
you must say internet website.
Yeah, that's very important. Oh,
I apologize. The most important
internet website in the world.
Yes. I started following you
on Twitter. When you, you
went viral a couple of
years back when you wrote
about a hundred tricks to
appear smart in meetings, how
did, how did that book
happen? Did you just have
an idea, like did a
tweet go viral and that
turned into a book and
that turned into, Oh, it's
a long, long story that
began in a meeting at
Yahoo somewhere around 2007 or
eight or so I was
sitting in a meeting and
a product manager got up
from the table and drew
a Venn diagram on the
whiteboard. And it was the
most ridiculous Venn diagram I'd
ever seen. It made no
sense. It had nothing to
do with what we were
talking about. It didn't help
the conversation at all. And
I thought, for sure, people
are going to be like,
dude, sit down. This is
irrelevant and not helpful. But
instead everyone started helping him
draw the Venn diagram and
telling him what to label
the circles. And I was
really impressed because he just
handed the marker to someone
else and he sat back
at his desk and went
back to playing on his
laptop. And so I wrote
in my notebook how to
look smart in a meeting,
draw a Venn diagram. I
just, I wrote that in
my notebook. And then a
week later, I think I
was in a different meeting,
maybe same product manager and
somebody was giving a presentation
and they said, so 25%
of people clicked on this
button. And someone said, Oh,
so about one in four.
And I was really happened.
Like this really happened and
I was blown away. I
was like, Whoa. Cause everybody
was like, Oh yeah, that's
such a, it really crystallizes
it. When you say it,
you know, in one, in
four that's so much clearer
than 25%. And so I
wrote down on the same
piece of paper, you know,
how to look smart in
a meeting, translate into fractions.
And I put that notebook
away for years and years
and years. And then when
I was working at Google,
I moved in with my
boyfriend at the time now
husband and I came across
the notebook again. And I
was like, Oh, I have
so many more tricks now
because I've been working at
Google for three years. And
so I finished the list
and I just posted it
on medium.com and it was
10 tricks to appear smart
in meetings. And it went
completely viral. It had like
a million views within a
week and it kind of
started from there. You know,
that thing that people say
on the internet when something
is both funny, but also
a problem. And you go,
Oh, I feel personally attacked.
Like I want to laugh
at all of this, but
it is deeply painful because
I have been in meetings
personally and non ironically said,
Hey, can we just take
a step back? What problem
are we really trying to
solve here? But I don't
feel like I'm full of
crap when I'm saying it.
Yeah. I mean, and I've
been in meetings where I've
been nodding and looking like
I was taking notes and
then I looked back at
my notes and they didn't
make any sense, but I
was, I'm sure I looked
very engaged. I mean, we
all, we all do these
things, you know, like I
did the pacing around the
room thing to look like
I was, you know, taking
it all in and really
considering everything. But I think
it's just like part of
that corporate culture. We are
all sort of putting on
a little bit of a
show for everyone else. You
know, even if we don't
realize it, we're imitating each
other in different ways. And
we all, as a team,
as a company have, you
know, our jargon and our
shorthand and our ways of,
of looking like we know
what we're talking about. And
we all are aware of
those things subconsciously and we
just kind of do them.
I wonder, is it, is
it corporate culture or is
it human culture? Like tell
me that it's not that
we've done this to ourselves.
Like if you're Dutch and
you're like in Holland speaking
Dutch, are they doing the
exact same thing? Have you
done any like international? Does
this translate to every company
or is this like America
A hundred tricks to appear
smart in meetings has been
translated in 11 or 12
different languages. Yes, it is
especially popular in Japan. I
have no idea if they
realize this is a joke.
Or if they think that
this is a cultural exploration,
that is a documentary that
helps you understand American culture.
But yeah, I haven't gotten
any residuals yet, except from
Japan. That's the only place
where this has made that
money. So We need to
go to Japan because if
there are people very well
intentioned, very kind salary, people
in Japan who have like,
Oh, tricks to appear smart
in meetings, I need to
buy that Right away. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, it's really
sad because I, I, you
know, I track, you know,
how people find my website
and sometimes the keywords are,
how do I look smart
in a meeting? And I
think these are people earnestly
looking for help on how
to look smart in a
meeting and they're finding my
tricks. And so I might
actually be making this worse
and I do apologize. It's
become, yeah, this is a
culture that's problematic. And you
have just made it worse
for, because my wife, who
is a nurse is now
starting to say, will this
scale as a way of
telling me that I'm full
of crap. Well, that's good.
That's good. That's good. Oh
yeah. It's totally like, you
know, the one child is
going to go to basketball
and one, child's going to
go to baseball and it's
like, okay, will this scale?
I was like, Oh my
God, is that what it
is? My sister is a
nurse. And she said that
someone said, KA asked the
presenter to go back a
slide in a meeting. And
so like, I feel like
that happens all the time.
Probably It's, it's a problem.
Do you, you used to
work at Google, right. And
you worked at, you said
you had Yahoo before that.
So how many years did
you spend in tech? Total?
About 10. Yeah. Okay. Now,
but you're outside of tech
now, but you're still like
bitingly, like cutting into our,
our culture with, with an
eye as if you are
standing over my shoulder in
these meetings. Is it hard
to, to make humor and
books and jokes about tech,
if you're out of tech
for a couple of years,
or do you, how do
you get your material now?
It is, it's a lot
harder. I mean, the thing
that I, when I left
Google and what I really
enjoy about comedy and writing
is that it grows as
you grow. So as your
life changes and becomes something
else than your, what you're
writing about becomes something else
too. So it just reflects
that. And so it is
harder to like, it's not
my day to day anymore
to come up with a
lot of this stuff. I
probably will write less about
this going forward and write
more about other things that
I'm observing, but there's different
things that sort of spark
it. Like, you know, I
was at Google today, just
having lunch with an old
friend there and just being
in that environment, you know,
just brought up a lot
of memories of things that
people would do. The security.
I just remember the security
guard at Google takes his
job very, very seriously. And
that's just the security guard,
you know, like he's, he's
just guarding the Gates going
in, but he was very,
very, you know, taking it
his job very seriously. And
so I thought that was
just, and I love making
the, those observations. I'm always
just sort of thinking outside
of myself, like what's going
on and not really listening
to what's being said, but
like more like how it's
being said or how people
are acting. And that's just
how I wasn't meetings. So
much of your, your comedy
is this it's funny. Cause
it's true. But also it
kind of, it hurts. It
hurts. You have this wonderful.
I don't know. I assume
it's a real quote, but
it's a quote on how
to be successful without hurting
men's feelings where it says,
Oh, I only got through
the table of contents. It
just hurt too much, man.
Yeah. It's it does feel
like that sometimes. I mean,
I'm reading all of this
and it's just like, Oh
yeah. Oh gosh. You know,
it's funny. Cause it's Yeah,
that's what I get. People
are like, this is funny,
but it also makes me
want to cry or throw
the book across the room
or punch someone or punch
myself or scream into a
pillow. And it's something that
I do struggle with because
I think for me, it's
a little bit of an
outlet to say things that
I want to say, but
in a way that is
satirical and tongue in cheek,
but honest. So sometimes it's
just not funny. Sometimes, sometimes
it's just pisses you off
and that's something I need
to work on. Well, I
don't think, I don't say
that in any way as
a criticism, what I'm actually
thinking is how did, do
you feel like you're shining
a bright light on, on
things, whether it be issues
around, around feminism and tech
or whether it be issues
around really being allowed to
be in a meeting or
all these things, there are
opportunities for us to change
and become better at and
laugh about it while we're
doing it. Yeah. I mean,
and that, I mean, a
few years ago I wrote,
I got someone who wrote
to me who said that
they read my a hundred
tricks and they noticed that
they did some of these
things just kind of robotically
and it actually made it
so that they weren't present
in the room because they
were just sort of doing
this sort of performance and
not really paying attention. And
so they said to themselves,
you know what, I think
I'm going to stop doing
this. Or I think I'm
going to like be more
aware of when I'm just
kind of knee jerk doing
something. That's not actually helping
me understand what's going on.
And that was the first
time that I was like,
Oh, I guess I am
sort of teaching people in
a sort of weird way.
It just makes people aware
a little bit more aware.
And you're like, knowing is
half the battle. And so
like, you can be a
little bit more aware and
then maybe you can change
things, but you don't have
to, and I'm not telling
you to change. But if
you want to, you can.
That's very cool. I'm looking
on a, on Amazon too,
are you at your new
book? How to be successful
without hurting men's feelings. And
I'm going to include links
to your website in the
show notes, and everyone should
check this out. But rather
than looking at the five
star four and a half
star, highly rated book, like
to be clear, this is
a best seller, but why
not look at the one
stars I'm scrolling down. The
one stars here. This is
fantastic. Completely misleading. One star
women should do the opposite
of what this book is
telling them. The author is
a comedian. Maybe this book
is just a joke. Who
knows? Could the humor a
title maybe have given you
some insight into whether this
was a joke? I don't
know. I don't know The
best part is that people
are trying to explain to
the one star person in
the comments. So there's like
a thread now. I didn't
know that. Oh yeah. With
bulleted lists bullet. Yes. The
book is humor. Yes. Thank
you for your opinion, bro.
One 82. I'm starting to
suspect that this must, this
can't be real. This must
be you and your friends
in the comments because no
one could be this dense.
Oh, but they are. They
really are. I before the
book even came out, I
got someone who wrote me
an email letting me know
that they would not be
reading my book and why
that's valuable. Yeah. I know.
I thought it was very,
very helpful. The subject was
blatant sexism and it, the
message said, I won't be
buying your, how to be
successful without hurting men's feelings.
If I wrote book called
how to be successful without
hurting women's feelings, no publisher
would touch it. And I
would be lambasted for writing
it in the first place.
Even when calling it satire.
What appalls me the most
is not that you wrote
it, but that most men
will ignore the blatant sexism.
Uncomfortably, laugh it off and
pretend it doesn't hurt because
that is somehow more manly.
But I'm man enough to
call you out on it.
Sarah Cooper, The idea that that's
a valuable use of someone's
keystrokes. Like I talk about
productivity and like being a
productive, productive person. And you
have a finite number of
keystrokes left in your hands.
Like before you die, that
person just gave you the
gift of 2000 of their
wasted keystrokes. Like do they
honestly think you're going to
care? I guess we're talking
about on a podcast. So
that's good for them. Kudos
Love the lack of self
awareness of, of men having
to uncomfortably laugh off blatant
sexism, women uncomfortably laugh off
blatant sexism all the time.
That's we, the uncomfortable laugh
we invented the uncomfortable laugh.
That's our thing. So I
just thought that that was
kind of, yeah. Yeah. The,
the I'm looking at your,
I assume this came out
before the book nine nonthreatening
leadership strategies for women on
your blog. Yeah. It's a
lot if I'm not sure
I'm not an English major,
but this feels like passive
voice. Like you take a
normal, straightforward thing that someone
would say that I would
assume anyone should be able
to say, this has to
be done by Monday. And
then you just add a
lot of fluff around it
to make it nonthreatening. What
do you think about maybe
getting this done by Monday?
That would be, that would
be bad writing. Yeah. It
was good enough office space
though. The boss had office
space, I guess kind of
talked like that a little
bit. Yeah. Yeah. What do
you think about coming in
on Saturday? Yeah, I mean,
I think that, you know,
it's, it's actually just how
I would sort of change
how I talked sometimes in
order to be more approachable
when I became a manager
and I noticed it a
lot too, when I managed
women who were very headstrong
and passionate and had a
lot of ideas that people
would complain to me about
them in a way that
I know that they wouldn't
complain about a guy who
was just as passionate and
excited. So this all came
from yeah, very true experience.
Yeah. I'm trying to, I'm
a somewhat new manager and
I have two men and
two women that work for
me. And I am trying
to consciously think about how
I interact with them. And
I do often hear from,
from the women and sometimes
from the men that they
are, they don't want someone
to send feedback that they're
being pushy. Right. Nobody wants
to be pushy. Right. And
it's interesting how in our
culture, somehow saying matter of
fact, straightforward things like I
have an idea could be
thought by any, by any
gender as being threatened, right?
Yeah. You know, and I,
as a Portlander, I'm from
Portland, which is basically Canada.
When I interact with new
Yorkers, I'm finding myself being
passive as well. And I
wouldn't say I have an
idea. I'd be like, I'm
kinda just thinking out loud
here, just spit balling, brainstorming.
When did, when did I
become so passive, Maybe somebody
hurt you. Maybe, you know,
who, who hurts you, maybe
you got some feedback, Negative
feedback. What made you think
that you needed to be
nicer? Maybe you're just a
people pleaser. Maybe you want
people to like you. And
so you're doing things like
this. I mean, do you
use a lot of exclamation
points and smiley faces in
your emails? Yeah. It's all
hearts and Winky faces. I
don't know. I'm not good
at emojis. I don't speak
emoji. I'm doing it very
wrong, but it's interesting because
what's happening is women are
being taught or ingrained or
the culture is such that
they're, they're feeling that they
need to have these nonthreatening
things. And then you play
that tape over and over
in your head and then
it's baked into your persona.
You have to work to
undo it. Yeah. You have
to work really, really hard
to undo it. And I
think that like mentorship is
good. I think women mentoring
other like younger women helps
a lot in that situation.
But if a woman who
has gotten as far as
she's gotten to become a
mentor got there, because she
was able to tone her
voice down, then she's just
switching that to the people
that she's mentoring as well.
So it can be a
thing that kind of just
doesn't go away. Although I,
I feel like it is,
it is going to go
away just as, as more
women join the workforce and
become more visible and become
like are comfortable being themselves.
Then it's like, Oh, she's
angry, bitchy woman. It's just
like, no, she's pissed off
that guy's pissed off. She's
pissed off. No big deal.
Kind of like being okay
with emotion in general in
the office. Yeah. I think
that's a really good point.
But ultimately, well, the office
is overwhelmingly male. The problem
lies in, in my lab,
not in anyone's, you know,
certainly great. If someone can
modulate their, their tone and
just try to be straightforward,
but I need to not
take it as, as being
threatening any way. Like a
simple statement, like have this
report done by Thursday is
literally just what it is.
There's nothing underneath that. Right.
But everybody is so sensitive
to tone. And I think
they're even more sensitive when
women are speaking. And so,
and that's why women get
called out more on like
their tone or how they're
coming across. And I don't
know. I think that's, it,
it does get exacerbated in
the corporate world. Cause everybody's
so passive aggressive sometimes. Yeah.
That's so challenging because the
Slack back channel in the
meeting, it's like virtually rolling
your eyes around the person
that's talking right now, Google,
we had a weekly meeting.
Company-wide weekly meeting. And while
the meeting was going on,
like literally Larry and Sergei
would be talking, there'd be
like a live stream of
memes being made. That would
be making fun of what
they were about in real
time. So like that's, that
was like the culture, which
I loved because like nothing
was sacred. They would make
fun of literally anything or
anyone. And I thought it
was great. Hey folks, you're
a very good developer. Probably
regardless. You do write bugs.
That's unavoidable. What is affordable
is wasting time trying to
track down the cause of
those bugs century.io provides full
stack error tracking that lets
you monitor and fix problems.
In real time, you can
see the severity and the
scope of the error get
immediate access to the stack,
trace, connect the problem to
the commit that caused it
and fix it without delay
century to name so common
that they have to include
the top level domain in
their advertising to make sure
you remember it. century.io, that's
century.io, open source, full stack,
web apps, native apps, mobile
games, smart oven mitts. If
you can program it, they
can make it far easier
to fix any errors you
encounter with it. Your code
may be broken, let's fix
it together. Visit century.io. So
I'm looking@thecooperreview.com, whichever one needs
to immediately go and check
out and bookmark who is
drawing all the art. Is
this all you? So this
is me, but it's, it's
a hack I wanted to
draw because I love, we
were talking about the oatmeal
before I love the oatmeal.
And so I want it
to turn 10 tricks into
an illustrated post. It was
all text at first. And
so I couldn't figure out
how to freehand draw. And
so finally I just got
this like cheesy stock photo
and I traced it and
I just went with that
because it was kind of
like necessity to just get
it done. And it just
worked because it's just really
cheesy, these cheesy stock photos
and these cheesy sort of
like illustrations kind of went
together. So all of these
are basically just tracings of
photos. Really? That that's really
cool. Like not to overcomplicate,
I guess I'm over complimenting,
but that's, you've developed your
own art style because it's
your tracing of the stock
photos. That's really, really creative.
Yeah. And in the, in
the first book, a hundred
tricks, I basically just got
my husband and two friends
to pretend to be in
meetings. And then I took
pictures of them and then
I traced them. So those
are all my, my, my
husband and my two friends.
That's awesome. That's awesome. So
here's a dumb question, but
you were in tech for
10 years or Google, you
worked at, you know, you,
you could still be in
tech, you could get that
tech money. Why would you
quit your job to be
a comedian? Because from everything
I know about comedians, I
learned from ms. Maizel, they
don't have any money. Right.
And they suffer many, not
she she's successful, but no
one else is. Yeah. I
just wrote about her because
it pisses me off how
easy her comedy career has
been so far. Yeah. You
just show up and get
really drunk and then you
were funny and everyone, yeah.
Someone famous opens for you.
You need to write anything
Cause you just make it
all up on the spot
and it's immediately funny and
that's just what you do
every night. And it just
is so easy. Yeah. It's
it's it wasn't a good
choice. I gotta, I gotta
say it was not smart.
I, it was hard to
leave Google, you know? Cause
it's like, if you can't
be happy at the best
company in the world, then
you're just never going to
be happy. That's that was
kind of what I was
thinking to myself, but I,
Immedion's not happy. Like I
did, I did full, full
disclosure. I did stand up
20 years ago, very badly
open mics and stuff like
that. Now I just do
it with PowerPoint at work,
but I have, but I
have healthcare, which is exciting.
When you say like, if
you can't be happy, like
is, is this one of
those, all comedy comes from
pain kind of things. Yeah.
Maybe you're right. I didn't
think about it that way.
Maybe I punished myself as
to suffer for my art.
Maybe that was part of
it. I just really was
excited about writing and making
people laugh. And 10 tricks
was the first time I
had put like my corporate
experience with my love for
comedy. And I put those
two things together and it
really worked and it really
resonated with people. And so
I just, I just decided
to give it a shot.
And my boss was like,
if you want to come
back, you can always come
back. And so it seemed
like a bigger risk to
not give it a shot
than to give it a
shot. Okay. That's awesome. That
sounds like a very successful,
a very kind, assuming a
very supportive boss. He was
yeah, very, very supportive. Everybody
was super supportive of, of
me doing this. And I
was, you know, I was
having panic attacks and I
was stressed out for years.
I mean, it, it took
a few years before I
was really like, okay, I'm
not going to go back
to Google. But for that
first year it was like,
I could still go back,
I guess, still go back.
You know, it was in
the back of my head
Is comedy now different because
you can have your own
website, you can have your
own videos. You can go
viral. Like how much of
it is still. You have
to be seen by someone
famous who then introduces you
to an agent, et cetera,
et cetera, versus you can
bootstrap this entirely yourself, just
put up a word press
and a YouTube. And now
you're a working comedian. Yeah.
I think you've nailed it.
I mean, there's so many
people who don't wait for
someone to say, let me
publish you. Or, you know,
let me put you in
my thing. They make their
own thing. And it's so
much easier now to do
that. You know, I made
the Cooper review. It's just
like a WordPress plugin while
I was workplace theme with
a lot of WordPress plugins
and a lot of friends,
they submit to places like
the new Yorker and try
to get published, but they
also have, you know, their
own websites and they make
their own series and they
make their own videos and
they really put themselves out
there. And it's almost like
if you don't do that,
then you're really not going
to get anywhere. It's almost
like a necessity now to
do be doing things like
that. And does it, does
all of this, the Cooper
review, the books and all
of that, does that all
feed into things like doing
events and going and giving
in and doing actual stand
up and being on like
TV and things like that.
Is that the goal or
is the goal just to
express yourself and have, and
get paid in a phone?
Yeah. I mean, I think
the ultimate goal is to
leave everything on the table
in terms of like telling
my story and, and being
honest about who I am,
that's what really excites me
because I think that I'd
like to inspire other people
to share their stories as
well and make money. Yeah.
I would like to make
money. That would be good
to, and the more I
do, the more I share,
the more things sort of
happen and, and more opportunities
come to do speaking engagements
or to perform or to
create things. So it's been
four years since I created
the Cooper review.com and it's
starting to be to a
place where people know me
for a certain thing and
are seeking me out. So
yeah, it's just a, it's
a good, it's a good
feeling. It's still like, ah,
what's going on? I don't
know, you know, day to
day what's going to happen,
but it's exciting. I think
one of the things that
is interesting to watch, because
I followed you immediately when
I saw your first thing
go viral, is that I
can see because I followed
you at the beginning that
it's an overnight success over
a half, a decade of
hard work and late nights,
you know, to someone else,
they may just be watching
and saying, wow, Sarah Cooper came
out of nowhere and she's
bestselling author. But the grind,
the grind, the grind, the
merge, the websites, the branding.
Yeah. It is a lot
of work, but you know,
when you make something and
it's yours, you're just so
proud of it. And you
know, it's all kind of
worth it. Do you go
out and do book tours
now? Or did you self
publish the book? It's published
by Andrews McNeil and I
did a few events in
New York and San Francisco. And
now I'm just kind of
doing some talks around the
country, around the world this
year. Some of them having
to do with a book
and some just other like
random parodies of, of corporate
and office. Yeah. I've been
checking out the, the YouTube.
I want to make sure
that people go to the
Cooper review.com. Certainly it's a
blog. If there was an
RSS reader from Google, then
we could all use that.
But there isn't make sure
that they subscribe to then
maybe, you know, someone, you
could give them a call
and complain about that. That's
a, that's unfortunate. Wait, what?
There's no Google reader anymore.
It's gone. They did. I
thought you were telling me
there was something missing on
my website. Oh no, your
blog is amazing. I wish
I had a product from
Google to watch or read
it in. Yeah. They shouldn't
have shut that down. I'm
scared. They're getting rid of
inbox. Are you scared about
this? I don't know. They're
getting rid of freaking everything.
Good. Yeah. Inbox I think
is either gone or on
the edge of gone. Google
reader is gone Google plus
both of the people over
there are still around, but
they're, they're concerned. Like it
could be gone at any
minute. I know this that
you've removed Google plus from
your follow the Cooper review
area. Yeah. It's over. It's
over. Yeah. It's A tragedy.
Not sure what to do
about that. They do tend
to remove stuff, but you
said you were there today
though. Hanging around. Yeah. It's
it's good over there. There's
people. There's food. Oh my
gosh. The food was so
good. I miss that. I
miss that a lot. Yeah.
Did they just feed you?
Like you just, is it
free or do you like
go through Completely free and
it's it's so, I mean,
it's just, I mean, if
you go on Yelp and
you try to find a
place in Chelsea to eat
the cafeterias at Google are
like number the number one
result like that. Those are
the places to go eat.
I don't know. I just
had this like margarita pizza
that was just delicious and
this like salad. That was
just amazing. And I had
this dessert, fresh coffee and
Oh, it was just great.
It was killing me. It's
all free. It's all free.
I mean, it's just amazing.
See, I work for Microsoft,
but I work from home
in Portland. So like every
once in a while, while
we're recording this podcast, I'll
just mute it and scream,
shut up. I'm recording to
my kids, which is my
life. And I'm sitting here
with my McMuffin from earlier,
which is not, it was
not free and not fun.
I get so salty when
I visit like Twitter or
Google and like they y'all,
kids don't even know. I
become like old man who
shakes stick cloud free food.
It's totally unfair. Yeah. Back
in my day, I had
to eat a McMuffin and
my day being today. Yeah,
Exactly. But, but if I
were in the free food
group, I would be like,
you know, you plebs, why
don't you have free food?
You know, They should give
you a stipend or something.
Since you don't get the
free food, I should totally
get me a free food
stipend. Actually. I don't usually
try to talk too much
on a podcast, but true
story. One time, one time
in the last 11 years,
I got to go business
class and I went to
New Zealand, which was amazing to
go horizontally. It's way better
than going like vertically to,
to that area of I'm
horizontal. I go there and
I come and I come
back and then I get
in trouble and they audit
because it was very expensive
and they audit my expense
report and they say like
$10,000 to go to New Zealand
or whatever. And then they
called me thinking, I'd maybe
try to do something sneaky.
But then they looked at
the rest of my expense
reports cause I'm super paranoid
about money. And it was
like subway, subway, Chipotle, subway.
And they're like, Hmm. They're
like, okay, well, no one
would really legitimately try to
rip us off and not
eat these places. Like surely
this is a harmless person.
So my entire thing was
like, you know, $10,000 ticket.
And then a bunch of
like really bad food that
proceeding all over. And that's
what saved me from the
audit because they're like, you
know, if we found steak
dinners, we would probably fire
you. But no, it was
just subway and Chipotle. Are
you an engineer? Sadly, I
am. Okay. Cause I, yeah,
I would never, I don't
think I've ever heard anyone
describe it as I it's
better to go horizontally. And
I just realized that you
meant you were lying down.
Oh, you just, Oh, I'm
sorry. I could Sue talk
to who talks like that,
but engineer topics like that,
you can feel free to
use that. Who talks like
that? That is I to
expect a blog post later
today who talks like that
Only engineers. My husband's a
software engineer and I think
he would say something like
that. I bet you, there
is a top 10 list
that we put together later
because my wife has that.
Who does that? You know
what I mean? Yeah. And
I, and I, and the
problem is it's infecting the
children, you know, because it's
like, Hey, that's physics, you
know, like the 11 year
old says something that's physics
to describe why something happened
in the world. That isn't
necessarily physics that's happened. He
just like that's. But what
isn't physics like everything's physics.
Right. And that's the problem
with that statement. Like once
something happens and it's gravity,
Hey, that's physics, magic physics,
but now Trump opens the
government. Oh, that's physics like,
well, no, you're not using
it. Right. But aren't you?
I mean, really? Yeah. Well
then too, the problem is
we're I don't want to
in it indirectly raised little,
well actually Yeah. Yeah. Little
kids are naturally, well actually
people, right? That's what little
kids do. Well, actually, dad,
you know, earth is not
a sphere. It's kind of
an oblong. Oh God. Oh
wow. That's that's funny. It's
not funny. It's quite painful,
but thank you. Well, your
new book is how to
be successful without hurting men's
feelings and people should check
you out@thecooperreview.com that book as
well as your previous book,
how to sound smart in
meetings all available on the
most important internet website in
the world, the Cooper review.com.
Thank you so much, Sarah Cooper
for chatting with me today.
Thank you for having me.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes and I'll
see you again next week.
.